doc : Move build related documentation from plugins to `jkube-kit/doc` (#1006) (#1712)
eclipse/jkube: jkube-kit/doc/src/main/asciidoc/inc/build/_overview.adoc

    }
}
----
endif::[]
ifeval::["{plugin-type}" == "maven"]
[source,xml,indent=0,subs="verbatim,quotes,attributes"]
----
<plugin>
 <configuration>
   <images>
     <image>
       <name>user/demo</name>
       <build>
         <filter>@</filter>
       </build>
     </image>
   </images>
 </configuration>
 ...
</plugin>
----
endif::[]

> [[jkube-plugin]]

Reviewer: JKube plugins deserve a complete separate section, maybe similar to profiles or any other generic feature JKube offers.

We can then link each operation section to its relevant JKubePlugin parts

.JKube Plugins

> This plugin supports so call *jkube-plugins* which are used during the build phase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin supports so call *jkube-plugins* which have entry points that can be bound to the different JKube operation phases.
```
:shrug:
